---------------------------------------
Acornsoft Elite (Econet version)

Econet conversion by Mark Moxon

For the following networked machines:

* BBC Micro Model B
* BBC Micro Model B & 16K Sideways RAM
* BBC Micro Model B+ 64K and 128K
* BBC Micro with 6502 Second Processor
* BBC Master 128, ET and Turbo

To install on a Level 4 fileserver,
copy the directories from this archive
to your server as follows:

1. Copy the EliteGame directory to your
fileserver's root directory, to create
a directory called $.EliteGame on the
server

2. Copy the EliteCmdrs directory to the
top level of the main home directory
for each user who wants to play Elite,
e.g. $.Mark.EliteCmdrs for user Mark

3. If you want all users to be able to
play Elite, copy the files from the
Library and Library1 directories into
$.Library and $.Library1 on your
fileserver, and ensure all users have
their library set accordingly

If you want to restrict it to specific
users, copy all the files from the
Library directory into the EliteCmdrs
directory that you created in each of
the users' main directories

4. Users can then play Elite by typing:

*Elite

which will load the correct version of
Elite for their machine.

If you restricted Elite to specific
users, they will need to *DIR into
their own EliteCmdrs directory first

5. Commander files are saved into each
individual user's EliteCmdrs directory

See www.bbcelite.com/hacks for details

Build: 2025-05-08 15:38:53
---------------------------------------
